whats up guys its get your group EG here
and in this video i got you guys a quick
tutorial on how to install the paranoid
android rom on your new nexus 7 so the
first thing you want to do is go ahead
and go to the link in the description to
the XDA developers website right here
and you're going to want to go ahead and
head on rom and g ops also have a direct
link to the downloads the latest rom and
also the G app so you can also just do
it that way but you just want to make
sure that you have both of these
installed on your Nexus 7 the next step
you'll need to take is just to go ahead
and power off your Nexus 7 and then go
ahead and boot into fastboot which all
you have to do is hold down the power
button and also the volume rocker down
at the same time then you'll want to go
into recovery and then you'll be here in
either to the twr p twerp or
clockworkmod depending on whichever one
you flashed when you rooted your Nexus 7
so now we're going to go ahead and wipe
our data cache and dalvik cache we're
going to go ahead and swipe and now
we'll go ahead and make sure that we
have a backup installed now I already
have one so I'm not going to go ahead
and do that but now we're going to go
ahead and install the ROM itself so
you're going to go ahead and find the
latest paranoid android rom which is
probably in your downloads go ahead and
flash that and then next flash the g
amps so this does take quite a bit of a
time so i'm going to go ahead and edit
some of the sound that way doesn't take
forever so the next step is just to
reboot your Nexus 7 and you'll see this
paranoid android 3 plus boot animation
and then you'll actually just get a
black screen now the black screen that I
got actually lasted for several minutes
or so it was actually getting worried
that I soft work my nexus 7 but just
don't do anything leave it the way it is
and it'll eventually boot back up by
itself so you can see here it worked
perfectly fine for me you have paranoid
android 3 plus i'll review coming up
soon of this wrong so be sure to stay
tuned for that we're here to give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it also
remember to subscribe and check out more
of my content anyway this has been
gadget guru ji and i'll catch all of you
in my next video